NAME                                              DISPLAY NAME                                      DEFAULT CHANNEL
abot-operator-rhmp                                ABot-Operator-v2.0.0                              alpha
aerospike-kubernetes-operator-rhmp                Aerospike Kubernetes Operator                     stable
aikit-operator-rhmp                               IntelÂ® oneAPI AI Analytics Toolkit Operator       alpha
anzo-operator-rhmp                                Anzo Operator                                     stable
anzograph-operator-rhmp                           AnzoGraph Operator                                stable
anzounstructured-operator-rhmp                    Anzo Unstructured Operator                        stable
citrix-cpx-with-ingress-controller-operator-rhmp  Citrix ADC CPX with Ingress Controller            alpha
citrix-ingress-controller-operator-rhmp           Citrix Ingress Controller                         alpha
cloudbees-ci-rhmp                                 CloudBees CI                                      alpha
cockroachdb-certified-rhmp                        CockroachDB Operator                              stable
crunchy-postgres-operator-rhmp                    Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes                   v5
datadog-operator-certified-rhmp                   Datadog Operator                                  stable
entando-k8s-operator-rhmp                         Entando Operator                                  stable
flux                                              Flux                                              stable
instana-agent-operator-rhmp                       Instana Agent Operator                            stable
iomesh-operator-rhmp                              IOMesh Operator                                   stable
joget-dx-operator-rhmp                            Joget DX Operator                                 alpha
joget-dx8-operator-rhmp                           Joget DX 8 Operator                               alpha
k10-kasten-operator-paygo-rhmp                    Kasten K10 (Enterprise - PAYGO)                   stable
k10-kasten-operator-rhmp                          Kasten K10 (Free)                                 stable
k10-kasten-operator-term-rhmp                     Kasten K10 (Enterprise - Term)                    stable
kubemq-operator-marketplace-rhmp                  Kubemq Enterprise Operator                        alpha
kubeturbo-certified-rhmp                          Kubeturbo Operator                                stable
linstor-operator-rhmp                             Linstor Operator                                  stable
marketplace-games-operator-rhmp                   Arcade Operator                                   alpha
model-builder-for-vision-certified-rhmp           IBM Model Builder for Vision                      stable
neuvector-certified-operator-rhmp                 NeuVector Operator                                beta
ovms-operator-rhmp                                OpenVINO Toolkit Operator                         alpha
pachyderm-operator-rhmp                           Pachyderm                                         stable
redis-enterprise-operator-cert-rhmp               Redis Enterprise Operator                         production
seldon-deploy-operator-rhmp                       Seldon Deploy Operator                            stable
starburst-enterprise-helm-operator-paygo-rhmp     Starburst Enterprise Pay as you go Helm Operator  alpha
starburst-enterprise-helm-operator-rhmp           Starburst Enterprise Helm Operator                alpha
t8c-certified-rhmp                                Turbonomic Platform Operator                      stable
timemachine-operator-rhmp                         Time Machine Operator                             alpha
vfunction-server-operator-rhmp                    vFunction Operator                                stable
xcrypt-operator-rhmp                              Zettaset XCrypt Operator                          alpha
yugabyte-platform-operator-bundle-rhmp            Yugabyte Platform Operator                        alpha
zabbix-operator-certified-rhmp                    Zabbix Operator                                   lts
