NAME                                      DISPLAY NAME                                                              DEFAULT CHANNEL
ack-acm-controller                        AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon ACM                               alpha
ack-acmpca-controller                     AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon ACM PCA                           alpha
ack-apigatewayv2-controller               AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon API Gateway v2                    alpha
ack-applicationautoscaling-controller     AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon Application Auto Scaling          alpha
ack-cloudfront-controller                 AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon CloudFront                        alpha
ack-cloudtrail-controller                 AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon CloudTrail                        alpha
ack-cloudwatch-controller                 AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon CloudWatch                        alpha
ack-cloudwatchlogs-controller             AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon CloudWatch Logs                   alpha
ack-documentdb-controller                 AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon DocumentDB                        alpha
ack-dynamodb-controller                   AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon DynamoDB                          alpha
ack-ec2-controller                        AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon EC2                               alpha
ack-ecr-controller                        AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon ECR                               alpha
ack-ecs-controller                        AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon ECS                               alpha
ack-efs-controller                        AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)  alpha
ack-eks-controller                        AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon EKS                               alpha
ack-elasticache-controller                AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon ElastiCache                       alpha
ack-elbv2-controller                      AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon ELB                               alpha
ack-emrcontainers-controller              AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon EMR on EKS                        alpha
ack-eventbridge-controller                AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon EventBridge                       alpha
ack-iam-controller                        AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon IAM                               alpha
ack-kafka-controller                      AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon Kafka                             alpha
ack-keyspaces-controller                  AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon Keyspaces                         alpha
ack-kinesis-controller                    AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon Kinesis                           alpha
ack-kms-controller                        AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon KMS                               alpha
ack-lambda-controller                     AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon Lambda                            alpha
ack-memorydb-controller                   AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - MemoryDB                                 alpha
ack-mq-controller                         AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon MQ                                alpha
ack-networkfirewall-controller            AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon Network Firewall                  alpha
ack-opensearchservice-controller          AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon OpenSearch Service                alpha
ack-organizations-controller              AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon Organizations                     alpha
ack-pipes-controller                      AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon EventBridge Pipes                 alpha
ack-prometheusservice-controller          AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon Prometheus                        alpha
ack-rds-controller                        AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon RDS                               alpha
ack-route53-controller                    AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon Route53                           alpha
ack-route53resolver-controller            AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon Route53Resolver                   alpha
ack-s3-controller                         AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon S3                                alpha
ack-sagemaker-controller                  AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon SageMaker                         alpha
ack-secretsmanager-controller             AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon Secrets Manager                   alpha
ack-sfn-controller                        AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon Step Functions                    alpha
ack-sns-controller                        AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon SNS                               alpha
ack-sqs-controller                        AWS Controllers for Kubernetes - Amazon SQS                               alpha
aerospike-kubernetes-operator             Aerospike Kubernetes Operator                                             stable
airflow-helm-operator                     Airflow Helm Operator                                                     alpha
aiven-operator                            Aiven Operator                                                            alpha
akka-cluster-operator                     Akka Cluster Operator                                                     alpha
alvearie-imaging-ingestion                Alvearie Imaging Ingestion Operator                                       alpha
anchore-engine                            Anchore Engine Operator                                                   alpha
apch-operator                             HTTP/HTTPS load balancer                                                  alpha
api-operator                              API Operator for Kubernetes                                               2.x-stable
api-testing-operator                      API Testing                                                               alpha
apicast-community-operator                APIcast                                                                   stable
apicurio-registry                         Apicurio Registry Operator                                                2.x
apimatic-kubernetes-operator              APIMatic Operator                                                         alpha
app-director-operator                     App Director                                                              stable
appdynamics-operator                      AppDynamics Operator for Kubernetes                                       alpha
application-services-metering-operator    Application Services Metering Operator                                    alpha
appranix                                  Appranix CPS Operator                                                     stable
aqua                                      Aqua Security Operator                                                    2022.4.0
argocd-operator                           Argo CD                                                                   alpha
argocd-operator-helm                      Argo CD Operator (Helm)                                                   alpha
atlasmap-operator                         AtlasMap Operator                                                         alpha
authorino-operator                        Authorino Operator                                                        stable
aws-auth-operator                         AWS Auth Operator                                                         stable
awss3-operator-registry                   AWS S3 Operator                                                           alpha
awx-operator                              AWX                                                                       alpha
azure-service-operator                    Azure Service Operator                                                    stable
banzaicloud-kafka-operator                Banzai Cloud Kafka Operator                                               beta
beegfs-csi-driver-operator                BeeGFS CSI Driver                                                         stable
bookkeeper-operator                       BookKeeper Operator                                                       alpha
bpfman-operator                           Bpfman Operator                                                           alpha
camel-k                                   Camel K Operator                                                          stable-v2
camel-karavan-operator                    Camel Karavan Operator                                                    alpha
carbonetes-operator                       Carbonetes Operator                                                       alpha
cass-operator-community                   DataStax Kubernetes Operator for Apache Cassandra                         stable
cassandra-operator                        Cassandra                                                                 alpha
cc-operator                               Confidential Containers Runtime Operator                                  alpha
ceph-s3-operator                          Ceph S3 Operator                                                          stable
cert-manager                              cert-manager                                                              stable
chaosblade-operator                       Chaosblade Operator                                                       alpha
clever-operator                           clever-operator                                                           alpha
clickhouse                                Altinity Operator for ClickHouse                                          latest
cloud-native-postgresql                   EDB Postgres for Kubernetes                                               stable-v1.16
cloudnative-pg                            CloudNativePG                                                             stable-v1
cluster-aas-operator                      Cluster as a service operator                                             alpha
cluster-impairment-operator               cluster-impairment-operator                                               beta
cluster-manager                           Cluster Manager                                                           stable
cockroachdb                               CockroachDB Helm Operator                                                 stable-v6.x
community-kubevirt-hyperconverged         KubeVirt HyperConverged Cluster Operator                                  1.10.7
community-trivy-operator                  Community Trivy Operator                                                  stable
composable-operator                       Composable                                                                alpha
cos-bucket-operator                       IBM COS Bucket Operator                                                   alpha
couchbase-enterprise                      Couchbase Operator                                                        stable
credstash-operator                        credstash-operator                                                        alpha
cryostat-operator                         Cryostat Operator                                                         stable
cte-k8s-operator                          CipherTrust Transparent Encryption for Kubernetes (CTE-K8s) Operator      stable
customized-user-remediation               Customized User Remediation Operator - Community Edition                  alpha
dapr-kubernetes-operator                  Dapr Control Plane Operator                                               alpha
datadog-operator                          Datadog Operator                                                          stable
datatrucker-operator                      DataTrucker.IO                                                            alpha
debezium-operator                         Debezium Operator                                                         debezium-latest
dell-csi-operator                         Dell CSI Operator                                                         stable
dell-csm-operator                         Dell Container Storage Modules                                            stable
deployment-validation-operator            Deployment Validation Operator                                            alpha
ditto-operator                            Eclipse Ditto                                                             alpha
dnext-operator                            dnext-operator                                                            alpha
dns-operator                              DNS Operator                                                              stable
druid-operator                            druid-operator                                                            alpha.v1.0.0
dynatrace-operator                        Dynatrace Operator                                                        alpha
ecr-secret-operator                       ECR Secret Operator                                                       alpha
edp-keycloak-operator                     EDP Keycloak Operator                                                     stable
eginnovations-operator                    eG Innovations Universal Agent Operator                                   beta
elastic-cloud-eck                         Elasticsearch (ECK) Operator                                              stable
elastic-phenix-operator                   Elasticsearch Phenix Operator                                             alpha
ember-csi-operator                        Ember CSI Operator                                                        beta
enc-key-sync                              Encrypted Images Key Syncer Helm Operator                                 alpha
enmasse                                   EnMasse                                                                   alpha
esindex-operator                          Elasticsearch Index Operator                                              alpha
etcd                                      etcd                                                                      singlenamespace-alpha
event-streams-topic                       Event Streams Topic                                                       alpha
eventing-kogito                           Kogito Knative Eventing Source                                            alpha
ext-postgres-operator                     Ext Postgres Operator                                                     alpha
external-secrets-operator                 External Secrets Operator                                                 alpha
falco                                     Falco Operator                                                            stable
falcon-operator                           CrowdStrike Falcon Platform - Operator                                    alpha
federatorai                               Federator.ai                                                              stable
fence-agents-remediation                  Fence Agents Remediation Operator - Community Edition                     stable
flagsmith                                 Flagsmith                                                                 stable
flink-kubernetes-operator                 Flink Kubernetes Operator                                                 alpha
flux                                      Flux                                                                      stable
fossul-operator                           Fossul Operator                                                           alpha
function-mesh                             Function Mesh Operator                                                    alpha
galaxy-operator                           Ansible Galaxy                                                            beta
gingersnap                                gingersnap Operator                                                       alpha
github-arc-operator                       github-arc-operator                                                       alpha
gitlab-operator-kubernetes                GitLab                                                                    stable
gitlab-runner-operator                    GitLab Runner                                                             stable
grafana-operator                          Grafana Operator                                                          v5
halkyon                                   Halkyon Operator                                                          alpha
ham-deploy                                Hybrid Application Model Operator                                         alpha
hawkbit-operator                          Eclipse Hawkbit                                                           alpha
hawtio-operator                           Hawtio Operator                                                           stable-v1
hazelcast-platform-operator               Hazelcast Platform Operator                                               alpha
hedvig-operator                           Hedvig Operator                                                           stable
hive-operator                             Hive for Red Hat OpenShift                                                alpha
horreum-operator                          Horreum                                                                   alpha
hpa-operator                              HPA Operator                                                              beta
hpe-csi-operator                          HPE CSI Operator for Kubernetes                                           stable
hpe-ezmeral-csi-operator                  HPE Ezmeral Data Fabric CSI Operator for Kubernetes                       stable
hyperfoil-bundle                          Hyperfoil                                                                 alpha
ibm-application-gateway-operator          IBM Application Gateway Operator                                          stable
ibm-block-csi-operator-community          IBM block storage CSI driver operator                                     stable
ibm-quantum-operator                      Ibm Quantum Operator                                                      alpha
ibm-security-verify-access-operator       IBM Security Verify Access Operator                                       stable
ibm-security-verify-directory-operator    IBM Security Verify Directory                                             stable
ibm-spectrum-scale-csi-operator           IBM Spectrum Scale CSI Plugin Operator                                    stable
ibmcloud-iam-operator                     IBM Cloud IAM Operator                                                    alpha
ibmcloud-operator                         IBM Cloud Operator                                                        stable
infinispan                                Infinispan Operator                                                       stable
instana-agent-operator                    Instana Agent Operator                                                    stable
integration-operator                      Integration Operator                                                      stable
integrity-shield-operator                 K8s Integrity Shield                                                      alpha-0.3.3
intel-device-plugins-operator             Intel Device Plugins Operator                                             alpha
intel-ethernet-operator                   Intel Ethernet Operator                                                   alpha
iot-simulator                             IoT simulator                                                             alpha
ipfs-operator                             IPFS Operator                                                             alpha
istio                                     Istio                                                                     beta
istio-workspace-operator                  Istio Workspace                                                           alpha
jaeger                                    Community Jaeger Operator                                                 stable
jenkins-operator                          Jenkins Operator                                                          alpha
joget-tomcat-operator                     Joget DX on Apache Tomcat                                                 alpha
k8gb                                      k8gb                                                                      alpha
kaap                                      Kubernetes Autoscaling for Apache Pulsar                                  alpha
kaoto-operator                            Kaoto Operator                                                            alpha
keda                                      KEDA                                                                      stable
kepler-operator                           Kepler                                                                    alpha
kernel-module-management                  Kernel Module Management                                                  alpha
kernel-module-management-hub              Kernel Module Management (Hub)                                            alpha
keycloak-operator                         Keycloak Operator                                                         fast
keycloak-permissions-operator             Keycloak Permissions Operator                                             alpha
keydb-operator                            Keydb Operator                                                            alpha
kiali                                     Kiali Operator                                                            stable
klusterlet                                Klusterlet                                                                stable
knative-operator                          Knative Operator                                                          stable
kogito-operator                           Kogito                                                                    1.x
kom-operator                              KOM Operator                                                              beta
kong                                      Kong Operator                                                             alpha.1
kong-gateway-operator                     Kong Gateway Operator                                                     alpha
konveyor-operator                         Konveyor Operator                                                         konveyor-0.1
ks-releaser-operator                      ks-releaser                                                               alpha
kuadrant-operator                         Kuadrant Operator                                                         stable
kube-arangodb                             ArangoDB                                                                  stable
kube-green                                kube-green                                                                alpha
kube-loxilb-operator                      kube-loxilb-operator                                                      alpha
kubefed-operator                          Kubefed Operator                                                          alpha
kubeflow                                  Kubeflow                                                                  alpha
kubemod                                   KubeMod                                                                   beta
kubemq-operator                           Kubemq Enterprise Operator                                                alpha
kubensync                                 KubeNSync                                                                 alpha
kubernetes-imagepuller-operator           Kubernetes Image Puller Operator                                          stable
kubernetes-nmstate-operator               Kubernetes NMState Operator                                               alpha
kubero-operator                           Kubero                                                                    alpha
kubestone                                 Kubestone                                                                 alpha
kubeturbo                                 Kubeturbo Operator                                                        stable
layer7-operator                           Layer7 Operator                                                           preview
lbconfig-operator                         External Load-Balancer Configuration Operator                             beta
leaksignal-operator                       LeakSignal Operator                                                       stable
lib-bucket-provisioner                    lib-bucket-provisioner                                                    alpha
lightbend-console-operator                Lightbend Console Operator                                                alpha
limitador-operator                        Limitador                                                                 stable
litmuschaos                               Litmus Chaos Operator                                                     alpha
lms-moodle-operator                       LMS Moodle Operator                                                       alpha
log2rbac                                  log2rbac-operator                                                         alpha
logging-operator                          Logging Operator                                                          beta
loki-operator                             Community Loki Operator                                                   alpha
machine-deletion-operator                 Machine Deletion Operator                                                 alpha
mariadb-operator                          MariaDB Operator                                                          alpha
mariadb-operator-app                      Mariadb Operator                                                          alpha
marin3r                                   MARIN3R                                                                   stable
mcad-operator                             Multi-Cluster Application Dispatcher                                      alpha
mercury-operator                          Mercury Operator                                                          stable
meshery-operator                          meshery-operator                                                          alpha
metallb-operator                          MetalLB Operator                                                          beta
metering-upstream                         Metering                                                                  stable
microcks                                  Microcks Operator                                                         stable
minio-operator                            Minio Operator                                                            stable
mondoo-operator                           mondoo-operator                                                           stable-v1
mongodb-atlas-kubernetes                  MongoDB Atlas Operator                                                    stable
mongodb-enterprise                        MongoDB Enterprise Operator                                               stable
mongodb-operator                          MongoDB Operator                                                          alpha
monocle-operator                          Monocle Operator                                                          alpha
moodle-operator                           Moodle Operator                                                           alpha
move2kube-operator                        Konveyor Move2Kube                                                        stable
multi-nic-cni-operator                    multi-nic-cni-operator                                                    stable
multicluster-operators-subscription       Multicluster Subscription Operator                                        release-2.3
mysql                                     GrdsCloud MySQL for Kubernetes                                            alpha
myvirtualdirectory                        MyVirtualDirectory                                                        beta
ndb-operator                              Ndb Operator                                                              alpha
ndmspc-operator                           NdmSpc operator                                                           alpha
netobserv-operator                        NetObserv Operator                                                        latest
neuvector-operator                        NeuVector Operator                                                        beta
nexus-operator                            EDP Nexus Operator                                                        stable
nexus-operator-m88i                       Nexus Operator                                                            alpha
nfd-operator                              nfd-operator                                                              stable
nfs-operator                              NFS Operator                                                              alpha
nfs-provisioner-operator                  NFS Provisioner Operator                                                  alpha
node-healthcheck-operator                 Node Health Check Operator - Community Edition                            stable
node-maintenance-operator                 Node Maintenance Operator - Community Edition                             stable
noobaa-operator                           NooBaa Operator                                                           alpha
nri-plugins-operator                      NRI-Plugins-Operator                                                      alpha
nsm-operator-registry                     Network Service Mesh Operator                                             alpha
nuxeo-operator                            Nuxeo Operator                                                            stable
oci-ccm-operator                          oci-ccm-operator                                                          alpha
oneagent                                  Dynatrace OneAgent                                                        alpha
openebs                                   OpenEBS                                                                   alpha
openshift-qiskit-operator                 QiskitPlayground                                                          alpha
opentelemetry-operator                    Community OpenTelemetry Operator                                          alpha
otc-rds-operator                          Otc Rds Operator                                                          alpha
ovms-operator                             OpenVINO Toolkit Operator                                                 alpha
parodos-operator                          Parodos Operator                                                          alpha
parseable-operator                        parseable operator                                                        alpha.v0.0.2
patterns-operator                         Validated Patterns Operator                                               fast
pcc-operator                              Prisma Cloud Compute Operator                                             stable
percona-postgresql-operator               Percona Operator for PostgreSQL                                           stable
percona-server-mongodb-operator           Percona Distribution for MongoDB Operator                                 stable
percona-xtradb-cluster-operator           Percona Operator for MySQL based on Percona XtraDB Cluster                stable
pinot-operator                            pinot-operator                                                            beta.v0.0.1
pixie-operator                            Pixie Operator                                                            stable
planetscale                               PlanetScale Operator for Vitess                                           beta
pmem-csi-operator                         Operator for PMEM-CSI driver                                              stable
portworx                                  Portworx Enterprise                                                       stable
portworx-essentials                       Portworx Essentials                                                       stable
postgres-operator                         Postgres-Operator                                                         stable
postgres-operator-krestomatio             Postgres Operator                                                         alpha
postgresql                                Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes                                           v5
postgresql-operator                       Postgresql Operator                                                       alpha
postgresql-operator-dev4devs-com          PostgreSQL Operator by Dev4Ddevs.com                                      alpha
project-quay                              Quay                                                                      stable-3.11
project-quay-container-security-operator  Project Quay Container Security                                           alpha
prometheus                                Prometheus Operator                                                       beta
prometheus-exporter-operator              Prometheus Exporter Operator                                              alpha
prometurbo                                Prometurbo Operator                                                       stable
pubsubplus-eventbroker-operator           Solace PubSub+ Event Broker Operator                                      stable
pulp-operator                             Pulp Project                                                              beta
pulsar-operator                           Pulsar Operator                                                           alpha
pulsar-resources-operator                 Pulsar Resources Operator                                                 alpha
pystol                                    Pystol                                                                    alpha
qserv-operator                            Qserv operator                                                            alpha
rabbitmq-cluster-operator                 RabbitMQ-cluster-operator                                                 stable
rabbitmq-messaging-topology-operator      rabbitmq-messaging-topology-operator                                      stable
rabbitmq-single-active-consumer-operator  rabbitmq-single-active-consumer-operator                                  stable
radanalytics-spark                        Apache Spark Operator                                                     alpha
redis-enterprise                          Redis Enterprise                                                          alpha
redis-operator                            Redis Operator                                                            stable
registry-operator                         Devfile Registry Operator                                                 beta
ripsaw                                    Ripsaw                                                                    alpha
robin-operator                            Robin Cloud Native Storage                                                stable
rocketmq-operator                         RocketMQ Operator                                                         stable
rook-ceph                                 Rook-Ceph                                                                 beta
rook-edgefs                               Rook-EdgeFS                                                               beta
routernetes-operator                      Routernetes                                                               alpha
sap-btp-operator                          SAP BTP Service Operator                                                  alpha
sap-hana-express-operator                 SAP Hana Express Operator                                                 stable
searchpe-operator                         Searchpe Operator                                                         alpha
security-profiles-operator                Security Profiles Operator                                                stable
seldon-operator                           Seldon Operator                                                           stable
self-node-remediation                     Self Node Remediation Operator - Community Edition                        stable
sematext                                  Sematext Operator                                                         stable
service-binding-operator                  Service Binding Operator                                                  stable
shipwright-operator                       Shipwright Operator                                                       alpha
siddhi-operator                           Siddhi Operator                                                           alpha
sigstore-helm-operator                    sigstore                                                                  alpha
silicom-sts-operator                      silicom-sts-operator                                                      alpha
skupper-operator                          Skupper                                                                   stable
skydive-operator                          skydive-operator                                                          alpha
sn-operator                               StreamNative Operator                                                     alpha
snapscheduler                             SnapScheduler                                                             stable
sonar-operator                            EDP Sonar Operator                                                        alpha
sonataflow-operator                       SonataFlow Operator                                                       alpha
sosivio                                   Sosivio | Predictive Troubleshooting for Kubernetes                       stable
spark-gcp                                 Spark Operator                                                            alpha
spinnaker-operator                        Spinnaker Operator                                                        alpha
splunk                                    Splunk Operator                                                           stable
stackgres                                 StackGres                                                                 stable
starboard-operator                        Starboard Operator                                                        alpha
steerd-presto-operator                    Steerd Presto Operator                                                    alpha
storageos                                 StorageOS                                                                 stable
strimzi-kafka-operator                    Strimzi                                                                   stable
submariner                                Submariner                                                                alpha-0.11
susql-operator                            SusQL                                                                     alpha
synapse-operator                          Synapse Operator                                                          alpha
t8c                                       Turbonomic Platform Operator                                              stable
tagger                                    Tagger                                                                    alpha
tektoncd-operator                         Tektoncd Operator                                                         alpha
telegraf-operator                         Telegraf Operator                                                         stable
tempo-operator                            Community Tempo Operator                                                  alpha
temporal-operator                         Temporal Operator                                                         alpha
tf-controller                             Weave GitOps Terraform Controller                                         stable
tf-operator                               Tf Operator                                                               alpha
tidb-operator                             TiDB Operator                                                             stable
topolvm-operator                          Topolvm Operator                                                          alpha
traefikee-operator                        Traefikee Operator                                                        stable
trident-operator                          Astra Trident                                                             stable
trivy-operator                            Trivy Operator                                                            alpha
ublhub-operator                           Ublhub Operator                                                           alpha
universal-crossplane                      Upbound Universal Crossplane (UXP)                                        stable
varnish-operator                          Varnish Operator                                                          alpha
vault                                     Vault Operator                                                            beta
vault-helm                                Vault Helm                                                                alpha
verticadb-operator                        VerticaDB Operator                                                        v2-stable
victoriametrics-operator                  VictoriaMetrics Operator                                                  beta
virt-gateway-operator                     OC Gate operator                                                          alpha
wavefront                                 Wavefront Operator                                                        alpha
wildfly                                   WildFly                                                                   alpha
windup-operator                           Windup Operator                                                           alpha
wso2am-operator                           WSO2 API Manager Operator for Kubernetes                                  stable
xrootd-operator                           XrootD operator                                                           alpha
yaks                                      YAKS Operator                                                             alpha
yugabyte-operator                         Yugabyte Operator                                                         alpha
zookeeper-operator                        ZooKeeper Operator                                                        alpha
zoperator                                 Zadara Operator                                                           alpha
